lehmanns the world shows you together
with carola tree where he fears the dogs
and how best you can do that
building trust in your companion
Customers can be created by them
not socialized in detail are that
they grew up bad that they are
maybe from the wrong breeder or
loser come
there are already the first fears
So arise there are many dogs
The fear is to warn against cars before
Menschenaufläufe So there are the
different problems fear
does not necessarily turn into aggression
There are also many dogs around
just pull back so they flee
Not every dog ​​who is afraid becomes
better, however, a dog in the
the tight-knit is more likely to tend
attack as one of the
escape options has the first
symptoms of anxiety
they can just be the body language
if i can read my well if i am
knows in the ever smaller is Johann
merges and no longer
relaxed then I should call that as
Dog owners can recognize everything because
really the and the body language the
main steps to trust
building up is just your own
do not deliver body language to the moon
that is when my dog ​​is facing something
I'm scared and I shove those in
this situation always pure and
do not protect him either
then i can not trust
build up so that's really only if
I help him to master the situation
So I can kind of like my dog
I used pointing to distance
take contact
that I do not necessarily care
a meadow where everything is run down
let and release the so to speak
but that i really do it
first off
wages and if I then maybe one
We also have two dogs with them
can go for a walk together where
they carefully first time in years
can contact us carefully
can
then I can do that gradually
expand to other areas
depending on the first time how old the dog it
he came here as the fear looks
then of course as well
dog owner if i have my dog the
noticed the necessary security then give
That may be relatively fast though
it always depends on how strong that is
is pronounced
it will probably be a little longer
last than when puppy and of course
the belly
how do I deal with it myself as
I can go through there again
body language through my own
body language and also by breathing technique
Can I help my dog again?
even if he is older but often
Of course, that's it
only and as they already are called
that's what made that happen again
It's a little bit harder
if you are a scared and or
have problems with your want
Do you like to try them ?
meditation off or
Relaxation techniques tell me
also like with the self experience
already done
otherwise they are always with me
welcome